we'll start by talking to the hero
division
which has a child of pitcher
we're going to set the width
of the picture tag which is the parent
to 100 percent
the next thing we're going to talk to is
the image that's inside so dot hero
image
and we're going to tell the image to be
100 of its parent which is the picture
tag now if we stop right there and we
take a look at what we've got you can
see those glasses are being distorted
this is a very common mistake what I see
from students is failing to set the
height at Auto or giving it a fixed
value so we're going to do it correctly
by setting the height
to automatic
now it's going to scale appropriately
so there's the small version
there's the medium version
and there's the large version